add doc for tidb_allow_tiflash_cop (#15667)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.3.0.md

| Variable name | Change type | Description |
|--------|------------------------------|------|
| [`tidb_opt_enable_mpp_shared_cte_execution`](/system-variables.md#tidb_opt_enable_mpp_shared_cte_execution-new-in-v720) | Modified | This system variable takes effect starting from v7.3.0. It controls whether non-recursive Common Table Expressions (CTEs) can be executed in TiFlash MPP. |

> | [`tidb_allow_tiflash_cop`](/system-variables.md#tidb_allow_tiflash_cop-new-in-v730) | Newly added | Used to select the protocol for generating execution plans when TiDB sends computation tasks to TiFlash. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`tidb_allow_tiflash_cop`](/system-variables.md#tidb_allow_tiflash_cop-new-in-v730) | Newly added | This system variable is used to select the protocol for generating execution plans when TiDB pushes computation tasks down to TiFlash. |
```
